Release guide improvements (#1604)
demisto/demisto-sdk: docs/release_guide.md

8) Create a new content branch and update the version of the SDK in Demisto's Content repository by updating the demisto-sdk version in the [**dev-requirements-py3.txt**](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/dev-requirements-py3.txt) file. Use the release branch first - replace the `demisto-sdk==version` line with this line: `git+https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk.git@release-branch-name.`
9) Open a PR for that content branch, and verify that the build triggered is green. Note that in order to trigger the build, opening the PR is required.

### Release process:
1) Click [Here](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/releases/new) (alternatively: visit the [SDK github page](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk), click on **releases**, and then **Draft a new release**)
2) Update the **Tag version** and **Release title** to `vX.X.X`.
3) In the **Describe the release** text box paste the `CHANGELOG` contents for this release.

> 4) Make sure the relevant nightly SDK build passed (step 3 on the previous section), then click **Publish release**. Your release is now public 🎉.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4) Make sure the relevant nightly SDK build passed (step 3 on the previous section), then click **Publish release**. Your release will go through a deploy build, and if the build will be successful, your release will be public 🎉.
```

> 5) Update [**dev-requirements-py3.txt**](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/dev-requirements-py3.txt) again, this time with the newly-released version (rather than the branch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5) Update [**dev-requirements-py3.txt**](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/dev-requirements-py3.txt) again, this time with the newly-released version (rather than the branch), e.g demisto-sdk==x.x.x.
```

4) If nightly build passes, click **Publish release**. Your release is now public.
5) Update the [**dev-requirements-py3.txt**](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/dev-requirements-py3.txt) file again, this time with the newly-released version.
6) Wait for the regular build to finish, or force merge your PR to the Content repository.

> 7) Announce regarding the SDK release in the [content-team slack channel](https://panw-global.slack.com/archives/G011E63JXPB).

Reviewer: Please remove the URL because demisto-sdk is a public repo
